Participants: 
Brian Callies, Chandler Ekholm, Chris Archer, Dakota List, Cy Holden
CSC 470 Final Proposal
After forming a group for the final project consisting of the above-named members, we discussed options for projects that would meet the time constraints. We determined that the following project should be doable, giving us room to grow as developers without being more than is possible during the remainder of the semester.
Together, our group determined that we would like to make a Texas Hold’em game, as it is familiar to several of us and is statistically a solved game. We intend to make the game as a web application, allowing potential users to play the game together from wherever they are located.
We expect to be able to accomplish the following: Two to eight players should be able to join an online game of Texas Hold’em. Once joined, they should be able to play the game following standard rules. Cards should be dealt to players and the flop, players should be able to indicate their response, cards should be drawn for the turn and the river, and the winner(s) calculated. We need to display the current chip count for each player, size of small blind and big blind, and the size of the pot. We would also like to display statistics for wins/losses. 
        In addition, we have a number of stretch goals that we would like to attempt as time permits. We would like to implement a table-specific chatbox to allow the players to communicate. We would like to create a lobby and ranked matches, allowing users to play with random other players with a similar ranking. Finally, we would like to implement some basic bots that could play along with the users.
This app will be primarily for entertainment purposes, but serves a secondary purpose of increasing our knowledge and experience with web development, database use and maintenance, secure development practices, and related skills. The target audience is individuals interested in playing a low-risk game of Texas Hold’em with friends.
We have determined that we would like this to be a .Net application hosted on a free-tier Azure server. The necessary database will be a mysql database, also hosted with Azure. We will use github for version control. For project management, we will primarily use Trello, with some work done in shared google docs and LucidChart diagrams.
We believe that we should experience few challenges. However, we have anticipated that we may encounter some scheduling issues related to most of us being non-traditional students with families. We are attempting to overcome these by robust communication through discord, meeting notes where possible, and regular meeting times. On the development side, we may encounter difficulties with dependency management. Much of the technologies we intend to use are somewhat unfamiliar to most of us, leading to a learning curve that we are confident we can overcome.